Clean up Install Media over NFS protocol in Provisioning (#2678)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_adding-installation-media.adoc

Red Hat content is delivered through repository syncing instead.
endif::[]

You can view installation media by navigating to *Hosts* > *Provisioning Setup* > *Installation Media*.

Installation media must be in the format of an operating system installation tree and must be accessible from the machine hosting the installer through an HTTP URL.

ifndef::orcharhino,satellite[]
[NOTE]
====

> Other protocols like HTTPS or NFS are known to work, but untested.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other protocols, such as HTTPS or NFS, are known to work but have not been tested.
```
